This is intended to be an initial draft of a telepathy chat window demo. 

It consists of 4 interesting classes for the library.
  - chatview:
This is a widget drawing sent and received messages in a HTML themed sexy way. It does not contain anything particularly telepathy related. This was pretty simple in the end. It currently renders my theme better than Kopete does. Thanks webkit.

  - chatwindow
This widget contains the widget above, an area to type text etc. It also contains all the code to talk from telepathy to the chatview widget.

(I might refactor to get view/logic seperation. Thoughts?)

  - telepathychatinfo and telepathychatmessageinfo are structures (effectively) for passing information to the chatview.

All other classes are just for making a demo application.

Once installed, receiving a text channel to your telepathy contact should start this program.



TODO (in no particular order):
  Support user chosen fonts, user chosen default background

  Load the above defaults from .PList

  Turn chat config into a KCModule

  Fix bug: if the .plist file has a DefaultVariant that doesn't exist, no variant gets selected.

  Fix bug: default theme Renkoo doesn't have aligned bubble images when name is on the right. Potential underlying Adium theme issue.

  Support avatars.

  Refactor for factories (may as well wait for ContactFactory?)

  Code tidy, tidy, tidy and review.

  Moan at Ubuntu for shipping a totally broken Adium theme for empathy. Fix it for them.
    (note, it doesn't load main.css, which is why it fails.)

  Rename all the classes to something sensible. I need help with this.

  Try adding telepathy into another program to show my lib works as a lib. (maybe Geore's whiteboard program?)

  Support multipart messages sending.

  Support multipart messages receiving. (how on Earth am I going to make this safe wrt XSS?)

  Build formatting into the application.

  Sprint decided to have a automatically resizing send message box. This is a pain.

  Notifications.

  in the lib:
    emit signal when a message is received 
    emit signal when user typing changes.
    getter for title();
    signal + getter for what icon the tab should have too.
    have a appendStatusMessage() method in chatWindow for apps to use
    
  in the app, colour tab text like Kopete.

  check all theme keywords are both set and tested

  maybe: split status/messages messageinfo classes away from each other.

  support conferences/rooms better - make sure header parsing is correct, use topic.html

  have a room participants widget. Sprint decided we should use contact list code.

  conduct an actaul 3 way MSN chat in telepathy.

  

  

  